Remove`learn/configuration/settings.md` (#2044)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/getting_started/algolia_migration.md

Meilisearch's default settings are designed to deliver a fast and relevant search experience that works for most use-cases.

> To customize your index settings, we recommend following [this guide](/reference/api/settings.md). To learn more about the differences between settings in Algolia and Meilisearch, read on.

Reviewer: API reference ≠ a guide, replace with link to settings section of index core concepts page.

In general, when linking from the getting started, we should prefer "explain"-y guides like those in the Learn section. There are of course exceptions, like the below example.

> To customize your index settings, we recommend following [this guide](/reference/api/settings.md). To learn more about the differences between settings in Algolia and Meilisearch, read on.

Author: ```suggestion
To customize your index settings, we recommend following [this guide](/learn/core_concepts/indexes.md#index-settings). To learn more about the differences between settings in Algolia and Meilisearch, read on.
```
